DOC-7494-C2 SPM changes (#340)
couchbaselabs/docs-couchbase-lite: modules/swift/pages/_partials/gs-install-tab-spm.adoc

// Repository for hosting Swift package for Couchbase Lite Swift Enterprise Edition
:url-ee: https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-swift-ee.git
:url-ce: https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-ios.git
:saved-caption: {example-caption}
:example-caption!:

> This tab explains how to include the CouchbaseLiteSwift package ready for use +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tab explains how to include the CouchbaseLiteSwift package within your app +
```

See: <<case-1>> | <<case-2>>

[#case-1]

> .Use Case 1. Include in Existing Package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Use Case 1. Include in Existing Swift Package
```

)
----

======

[#case-2]
.Use Case 2. Include in Your App Project
======

> Here we will add `CouchbaseLiteSwift` to your HostApp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we will add `CouchbaseLiteSwift` directly into your app
```
